2/15/21-first meeting 
  Discuss what to research for next meeting: How does a grocery delivery service work? What technologies are needed
  A website will be created
  Next meeting we will discuss more about the project and what technologies we will use
  Also format a schedule for meeting for the week

2/16/21
Jorge: Researched different languages that can be used for web applications. Both front-end and back-end
Michael: Researched how grocery delivery services work; looked into what technologies to are needed
Sisian: Created website. I will research technologies that we should use for our project.
William: Reseach technologies that we need to use
Jackie: Research languages and technologies which are needed to do the project

2/17/21
dicussed different combinations of technologies to use and whether to go the javascript route or python route
We will research the different combinations of technologies to figure out which ones to all agree to use for next meeting

2/18/21
Jorge: Researched more about development tools. Focused on Bootstrap, Django, and Python
Michael:researched the two combinations of development tools. Prefer on using bootstrap, django, python. look up web hosting for next time.
Sisian: Researched more about technologies and find some to share with my team. I will search more about web hosting services. 
Jackie: Research more about what development tools we should use. I will search about web hosting.
William: Researched about technologies. Look for web hosting services. 

2/19/21
Michael: decided on AWS. Research SRS examples to begin building SRS document
Jorge: Looked at SRS examples
Sisian: Researched bout web hosting service. I will research about SRS online example. 
William: Looked at SRS and deciding what to work on
2/22/21
Michael: Created srs doc to work on. discusses which parts to work on. I will do intended audience
Jorge: Began focusing on Functional Requirements section of SRS
Sisian: Reaserch about non-functional requirements for SRS document. I will write non-functional requirements.
William: Continued to work on SRS, worked on Introduction and Intended Audience portion of SRS

2/23/21
Michael: Added to intended audience and look for more sections to add and refine srs document.
Jorge: Wrote first draft of Functional Requirements section of SRS
Sisian: Wrote some non-functional requirements. I will add more non-functional requirements.
William: Continued to work on SRS, worked on Introduction and Intended Audience portion of SRS, will look at working on other portions of SRS

2/24/21
Michael: Added scope to SRS. For next meeting gonna work on approach and connecting technologies together. 
William: Continued to work on SRS, Finished Introduction and Intended Audience portion of SRS

2/25/21
Michael: Added approach to SRS, going to look into connecting technologies together for next week.
William: Continued to work on SRS, and added to other portions of the document

2/26/21:
Michael: Will look into mySQL and try to start up server. Will also try and connect technologies. Research EER and relational models
William: Researched on Technologies on how it works, trying to figure out tech stack

3/1/21
Michael: Set up mysql with django and AWS hosting for the database. Will start adding entities and attributes to doc for tomorrow.
William: Working on data model, figure out how to add entities to google doc

3/2/21
Michael: Use entities to create EER model and relational models.
William:Added entities to google doc, will also add attributes today and tomorrow

3/3/21: 
Michael: Will use the models to create the tables in the database.
William:Worked on EER and relational models, start by creating the model in the database, Will link entities on mySQL

3/4/21
Michael: The tables are created in the database. Mock data will be created for the tables.
William:Worked on EER and relational models, create the model in the database, Linked entities on mySQL

3/5/21
Michael: Adding data into database to make it look better.
William: Worked on EER and relational models, add data to database
3/8/21
Michael: continue to add data into database. Will upload framework code to simulate web service on github.
William: Added items to database, linked entities to present
3/9/21
Michael: Added code for framework onto github and showed how to run it on virtual environment. For next meeting, will look into how to pull data from the databases onto the webpage
William: Added more tables into the database including items, will work on adding more to data base tomorrow and finish part of the models

3/10/21
Michael: Pulled data from database onto website html page. look into Connecting full stack development onto AWS web service for tomorrow.
William: Added more items to database, finished Models

Michael: Pull rest of data onto webpage. Connect full stack to AWS.
3/12/21:
Michael: mock up store view, look into some HTML. AWS is trash switching to heroku
William: started to work on mock storeview using HTML and some bootstrap, implemented the structure of the site, with icon of the store page, categories and items
3/15/21:
Michael: work on ccount creation for users, store view html creations.
William: Continued to work on mock storeview using HTML, set up basic layout using divs
3/16/21: no meeting
3/17/2021:
Michael: fix database, continue login/account creation. maybe store list
William: working on storeview, changed to vons, included storeview pictures

3/18/2021
Michael: finished login/account creation. 
William: working on vons storeview, will continue to add elements to the page
3/19/2021
Michael: bootstrapped page and uploaded to heroku. awork on account profile
William: working on vons storeview, adding more bootstrap elements to the storeview, included categories for it
3/22/21
Michael: add user profile page
William: finished mockup storeview, not actual storeview will work on it until actual store view is done
3/23/21
Michael: add user profile page. need to list out current addresses and payment infos
William: having issues with connecting and running the virtual enviroment, will work on adding more items to the store for now. 
3/24/21: 
Michael:list out current addresse and payments. refine links and redirects
William: having issues with connecting and running the virtual enviroment, will work on adding more items to the store for now. 
3/25/21:
Michael: finish catagories link.
William: having issues with connecting and running the virtual enviroment, think about the names for the webservice
3/26/21:
Michael: Refresh store view page, complete search bar, cart addition, add more items to the store
William: having issues with connecting and running the virtual enviroment, decided on instabasket, work on other parts of webservice including adding images and designing horizontal logo

4/5/21:
Michael: work on search bar and cart view
William: adding to parts of webservice including adding images and designing logo for navbar
4/6/21
Michael: add categories to each store and finished the search for each store 
William: Added more grocery items to the tables in mySQL

4/7/21
Michael: add orderitem as an object into the database to be able to add items to cart.
William: Fixed issue with connecting to virtual enviroment, will start adding pages to the webservice including designing horizontal logo into navbar.
4/8/21
Michael: finished first part of cart, items are displayed
William: Trying to implement carousel, but not functional yet, will work on it more this weekend.
4/9/21
Michael: will work on total price, and checkout button. Make things look better
William: Added Carousel into snippets
4/12/21
Michael: total price and number of items at cart button work. Just need to work on checkout button
William: Changed a few styling and fonts in stylesheet
4/13/21
Michael: checkout will be in two parts, address selection and payment selection, then confirmation. almost finish address selection and will start on payment selection
William: Put search bar and categories into snippets to make it cleaner to reuse that portion, changed all storeviews and replaced with snippets
4/14/21
Michael: will work on checkout confirmation and finish up checkout process
William: made new instabasket icon for navbar, will work on improving navbar functionality and look for the next week to replace our old navbar.
4/15/21:
Michael: checkout process is complete. All these processes are only working for vons
William: made dropdown for accounts on navbar linking to account.html, changed coloring of it, will continue to work on navbar
4/16/21:
Michael: will work on orders page. Add to cart for every store.
William: made dropdown for accounts on navbar, changed coloring of it, will continue to work on navbar
4/19/21:
Michael: will work on orders page. add to cart for every store is done except the two new stores. Will complete the two new stores. new more items in some stores
4/20/21:
Michael: orders page added. need to do orders status. will configure last two stores.
William: Finished improvements to navbar, implemented it into all stores, navbar has items to the right of the page, new logo, and better functionality
4/21/21:
Michael: orders page have statuses. just need to figure how status will work. will configure last two stores
William: Cleaned up files, added food4less and elsuper, removed carousel snippet
4/22/21
Michael: last two stores are configured and work like all other stores. Still need to findout how the order statuses will work. order statuses can be created with every order completion.
William: Added items to new store, will work on the look of the log in page.  
4/23/21:
Michael: work on orders statuses with timers and step by step order statuses. Add create account on login. make login page look better
William: Changed elements of login, erased previous login page and made a new one with bootstrap
4/26/21:
Michael: order statuses for orders. and maybe make account creation look better
William: Changed Account html to look better, added better colors/new format
4/27/21:
Michael: order statuses done. figure out adding to payments formatting
William: Compiled sprint meetings notes and added all to github
4/28/21:
Michael: figure out cart quantity, figure out adding payments formatting
William: Cleaned up Files for presentation and submission, deleted and got rid of files we did not need, updated sprint meeting notes/compiled
4/29/21:
Michael: finished orders and service seems to be finished, Just work on some aesthetic views
William: Testing to make sure the webservice performs properly
4/30/21:
Michael: meeting with professor went well. He approves and we are done other than adding more aesthetic views
William: Meeting with professor, change aesthetics of webservice
5/5/21:
Michael: work on final report testing part. Work on ceo report
William: Work on Final Report and Presentations
